Ryan Morrow: Hey, Jess. How are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good, how are you
Ryan Morrow: I'm good, thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think we missed a session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We didn't meet last week.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or the week prior
Ryan Morrow: Oh, I think my internet was down
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I think I was having problems with my internet or something.
Ryan Morrow: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We have a very bad thunderstorm going on. So if my internet connection gets a little loss.
Okay.
Ryan Morrow: Where I'm where you got right I'm look
Ryan Morrow: I'm in Florida. Okay, yeah, we have rain here too.
Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Last time we met, we were talking about how you stay in mothers days.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We also discussed the tele health rules, but maybe a licensed in Florida and the Mexico.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But with everything that's going on with Kobe, there has been some flexibility as far as Tele health goals with crossing state lines. But because whenever we do a session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're in Texas, there's a high possibility that would have to transfer you to a therapist. That's actually a license in Texas.
Ryan Morrow: Well can I mean how do you know if I'm in Clovis or or loving
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whenever I ask somebody to do because the last time we spoke
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You were in, and I don't even know the differentiation between those cities because like I said before, but I know the last time we spoke, and when you mentioned that you weren't in Texas.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I had to go and contact Texas regulation board just to see how that would be able to work.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, well, I'm not, I'm not a resident here. So, I mean, I'm in Clovis
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The way the licensing work is not about residency. It's about where you reside.
At the time, right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just wanted to comment.
Ryan Morrow: I'll make I'll make sure I'm in Clovis whenever I have my name.
I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Don't want to make a difference for this one to give you the heads up in the case that has to happen. But if you're going to go, then that's fine.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I'll make sure I'm in Clovis
Ryan Morrow: Whenever I have me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good one. I'm with you.
Ryan Morrow: I'm well I'm moving into an apartment with
Ryan Morrow: A couple of guys today and
Ryan Morrow: That's really not. I mean, nothing's really changed. I'm still laid off for
Ryan Morrow: The gems opened back up. So I started going back to the gym.
But
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Really. So how was that experience because honestly, I haven't done anything aside from my essentials grocery shopping
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: curious what that looks like.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Going back to gym like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's
I mean,
Ryan Morrow: To me it's it's it's nothing.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, um,
Ryan Morrow: I mean, it's weird. Seeing people with mask and stuff on, I guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They're exercising with the mask on.
Ryan Morrow: Some people do, but most people that go to the gym. They're, they're kind of have the mindset that I have
Ryan Morrow: And to me, it's just it
Ryan Morrow: I mean, it sucks. It's a shitty situation.
Ryan Morrow: I mean, I, I understand the people are dying, but
Ryan Morrow: However, it got out and however you got here. It's here.
Ryan Morrow: And it's not going anywhere.
Ryan Morrow: It's just gonna, it's like it's the flu. Now it's another form of the flu.
Ryan Morrow: It's another disease that is here and it's going to kill people, unfortunately.
Ryan Morrow: And, you know, if I get it, I get it. If I don't, I don't, am I doing anything different. No.
Ryan Morrow: I'm not a German fo by i think that
Ryan Morrow: The more. I'm not saying coming in contact with germs on purpose is like this is a smart thing to do, but I think that
Ryan Morrow: You have to expose your body to, um, you know, bacteria and stuff. In order for your immune system to fight off.
Ryan Morrow: sicknesses. If you're a German phobe and you never expose yourself. And when you do get sick, you're going to get really sick because your immune system doesn't know how to act. Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: And so
Ryan Morrow: So, I mean, I'm really conservative. I'm not liberal at all. I don't. I mean, I don't know. I think it
Ryan Morrow: It's just another form of the flu and however it got here got here and it ain't going nowhere. I mean, it's here to stay. The only thing that's going to make it better, is when they get medicine, a vaccine to keep the symptoms and stuff. And stuff, you know, the low
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, so
Ryan Morrow: But I yeah I'm not aware masking gloves and all that crap. Now,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If they have like different things.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I saw that was my jam. That's locally, where I am and they have like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I kickboxing and so there's like only certain stations, just take everywhere. How's it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In New Mexico where
Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: They are are trying to keep it were like
Ryan Morrow: Six be so if someone's on a machine, you have to use one that is a machine over
Ryan Morrow: Stuff like that. Just to keep you know the the distancing
Ryan Morrow: And then cleaning the equipment, obviously, before and after you use it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What I was already doing so I can. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ryan Morrow: So, but other than that. I'm nothing
Ryan Morrow: I'm
Ryan Morrow: Nothing really.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I have like thoughts about it because eventually we all have to come out of this.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. And then my life. You can't. Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: Place for me. Yeah, more people are gonna die in
Ryan Morrow: And suffer.
Ryan Morrow: being stuck in their house, then they are from going out and living their lives.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What suffering. Are you talking about if they stay in house.
Depression.
Ryan Morrow: You know, stuff like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. Very true.
Ryan Morrow: So, I mean, I think people need to get out live a normal life. The older people that people that are more susceptible to
Ryan Morrow: Getting sick and when they do get sick, they get really sick. Those are the people that need to be, you know, really careful cautious and, you know, probably really, you know, follow the social distancing stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, but
Ryan Morrow: Other than that, like, I think that like everybody else to just live normal life like go back to
Ryan Morrow: Normality
Yeah, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. Yeah, I hear I hear that perspective.
Ryan Morrow: I mean I've talked to nurses and and and stuff and they say that you know this. This is a lot of hype, the media, um, it's a lot of propaganda.
Ryan Morrow: So,
Ryan Morrow: They say, I mean, they say it's just the flu, you know, and
Ryan Morrow: The I guess the issue, is it
Ryan Morrow: Really a
Ryan Morrow: I don't know, like, more. It's more like how, how, how did this thing get out like all of a sudden, you know, I mean, I don't know if it came from a lab. I don't know if it's biological warfare. I don't know if it came from a food.
Ryan Morrow: But I don't think it just accidentally just appeared the way that it did.
So,
Ryan Morrow: I think that there's a lot of diseases that are man made that rather than
Ryan Morrow: Actual diseases. You know, I think.
Ryan Morrow: Population control is is a is a huge thing. So the
Ryan Morrow: The global elite, the people that really control the world.
Ryan Morrow: And so I have. I'm not kidding.
Ryan Morrow: I love conspiracy theory I watch a lot of documentaries and I have my my own
Ryan Morrow: Opinions and stuff like that. I don't think that our government really has our best interest at
Ryan Morrow: At hand at the end of the day, so
Ryan Morrow: So, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have that perspective, it definitely below and says how your behaviors and how you response.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To it because someone they may not believe in a conspiracy theories and they really just think this with a virus and until they get a vaccine. So then
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That type of interpretation warrants anxiety and lots of preparation and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm hypothetical words like what it, what it
Ryan Morrow: And I don't believe in vaccines. I don't get vaccines.
Ryan Morrow: I'm not. I've never been really sick so
Ryan Morrow: I don't know.
Ryan Morrow: I think
Ryan Morrow: They put stuff in vaccines that are bad for you for people on that do more harm than good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That disposition will definitely influence
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean, the seed is fire virus.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, is there anything aside from the pandemic that you feel is significant.
Ryan Morrow: I mean,
Ryan Morrow: I mean, I guess, you know, at the end of the day, like
Ryan Morrow: I'm not really worried, but like I don't know what I'm gonna do with
Ryan Morrow: I don't know where life's
Ryan Morrow: Going right now because of my job and stuff and
Ryan Morrow: They the oil economy is so
Ryan Morrow: So bad. I mean, it's coming back a little bit better. But anyways, yeah. I mean, just, you know, not normal worries, like, you know, what am I going to do if but as far as like, I'm not really like worried, to the point where it's given me anxiety or stress me out or
Ryan Morrow: Anything like that.
Ryan Morrow: It's, I mean it's
Ryan Morrow: Not making me want to go you know relapse or or anything like that.
Ryan Morrow: So, um, but, yeah, I mean, that's the only thing that I would say that I'm dealing with emotionally right now is just, you know what, like what am I going to do with my life, my career.
Ryan Morrow: You know, stuff like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's more concerned because you said these worries, they will have that Transition. Transition into stressors right now or for anxiety, which presented so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Ryan Morrow: He fight if I weren't getting unemployment right now.
Ryan Morrow: Then, well yeah, things would definitely be
Ryan Morrow: A lot different.
Ryan Morrow: But
Ryan Morrow: Um, I don't want to get too comfortable with that because I know that it's only gonna last for so long and and I do need to if I don't get called back to work, you know, start looking for a job.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Timeframe or of when they would touch base with you or was just kind of this indefinite
Ryan Morrow: Not, I mean it all. It all depends on
Ryan Morrow: On the oil market, the oil economy. You know, when oils like like right now it's in the 30s. That's better than a than it was because it was like pretty much negative
Ryan Morrow: And in the 20s and teens, but um yeah I mean that they're just like will call you back to work. Whenever the oil companies start you know drilling again in fracking again.
Ryan Morrow: So, but, yeah, that in and I mean I can't really tell you when or how or because it all depends on a lot of different circumstances.
Ryan Morrow: So, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's the oil field. Yeah. Only specialty or or trade that you
Ryan Morrow: Know,
Ryan Morrow: No, I mean like I did sales and marketing for like 10 years I sold insurance for all state.
Ryan Morrow: And I had my insurance license. And so, I mean, I know, I know.
Ryan Morrow: A lot about insurance. I know a lot about like financial stuff like real estate.
Ryan Morrow: So I was thinking like maybe
Ryan Morrow: Something that's not going to be, I mean like I'm getting to the point or the age where manual labor is not really like something that I want to go and
Ryan Morrow: You know, unless I really have to
Ryan Morrow: So, um, so, yeah, I mean,
Ryan Morrow: I, I worked in the car business for three years and then insurance for 10 so I guess I could fall back on.
Ryan Morrow: Something to do with cells or whatever.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A lot of transportation is
Ryan Morrow: Like a yeah performance based type of job, I guess.
Ryan Morrow: Without a college degree.
Ryan Morrow: If you want to make money.
Ryan Morrow: Um, you know, you either start your own company.
Ryan Morrow: Or you get into a
Ryan Morrow: Like a sales job that you can make a lot of money is let me know based on your performance. So
Ryan Morrow: Like Commission based jobs, you know,
Ryan Morrow: It's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That one sales, I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Level of patience. It's different. Right. Because therapy wines, a level of patience but the sales is like, totally different. And it's like,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. So how did you like being in the sales field.
Ryan Morrow: It was an adrenaline rush
Ryan Morrow: You have your bad days, but whenever you get somebody like that's interested in a car.
Ryan Morrow: Or whatever, and you get them in your office and and it's in your like going over the numbers. And the more you know like I always like my sales manager always told me you have to sell yourself before you sell the product.
Ryan Morrow: And so you have to get that person to trust you and like you
Ryan Morrow: You know, sometimes it's like like within 30 minutes you know you somebody drives up and they buy a car. Sometimes it's a week or a month, or two months.
Ryan Morrow: And so in that time, like you got to do whatever
Ryan Morrow: I'm not saying, Be deceitful or manipulative
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But you got to get that person to like and trust you.
Ryan Morrow: Or they're not going to want to buy anything from me so
Ryan Morrow: So yeah, I mean it can definitely be stressful and and and anxiety is
Ryan Morrow: Whenever you're having a bad month and you got bills do and you know
Ryan Morrow: You know having a car sold. It's like, what am I gonna do, but
Ryan Morrow: I guess that comes with the territory.
Ryan Morrow: Mean I would rather I would rather take the chance of
Ryan Morrow: Going into a, a position where they're not paying me any salary.
Ryan Morrow: Um, it's strictly commission, you know, based on what I do, then go to a job where I'm making 2000 or less a month digging ditches or roofing or, you know, doing something like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, what seems more appealing about about the other type of work, the Commission base.
Ryan Morrow: Well, I mean, like,
Ryan Morrow: You, it's kind of, I mean you you have a lot of control over how well how much money you may
Ryan Morrow: Wear like you're on the
Ryan Morrow: hourly or a salary job, you know, you just go to work you do your job and and your pay is what it is.
Ryan Morrow: So sometimes that kind of sucks. If you're not making like after being in the oil field and making like between 10 and
Ryan Morrow: 15,000 a month. I don't know if I could ever really go back to a job that didn't pay more than 1000 a week.
Ryan Morrow: I mean, it would be really hard for me to i would i would humble myself and do it. If I had to
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, but it would be really hard.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I didn't know that while it was such a lucrative business I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: can still see you all. Yeah, yeah, you can walk into depending on what
Ryan Morrow: Type of
Ryan Morrow: Oil Field job it is, but you can walk into
Ryan Morrow: You know position, like with no experience, making 18 and our I'm with benefits right off the bat.
Ryan Morrow: And that's not like great but
Ryan Morrow: You're going to get like 42 sometimes 80 hours a week of overtime.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wow.
Ryan Morrow: There was, there were weeks where I would talk
Ryan Morrow: Over 100 hours.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: So I would get like
Ryan Morrow: You know 18 an hour for 40 and then what's it 32 and our for 60 7080
Ryan Morrow: Wow. Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: And so when you get those paychecks. It's like, wow, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's a lot fasted, but this is it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you don't have alive.
Ryan Morrow: Most companies do like a three week on one off for 10 on
Ryan Morrow: For something like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's just the norm. That's the nature of that feel to work those long extremely hours so there's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No set time that you lose.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Imagine that would be rewarding being in the position where it seems like there's kind of lack of control and other areas of your life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And being able to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Really control your streams of income and knowing that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I can work with this heart and I can make lots of money and maybe that's how it's been, you know, I know a lot of people that say they have to start all over.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I mean, starting all over. When you have that much money coming in a week. I guess that you would be able to start over a lot quicker than other people that are salary positions.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: You know for sure. Um, for me, like, I didn't know what I was getting myself into how I ended up in the oil field was like, I guess, three, four years ago.
Ryan Morrow: I
Ryan Morrow: Was, you know, doing drugs and I was in, I was broken didn't, didn't have anything at all. I didn't even have a driver's license.
Ryan Morrow: And so my friends and family got me into a place called teen challenge. It's an international Christian Faith Based program. And, um, it's like 12 to 13 months.
Ryan Morrow: And so it's not really a rehab. I would say it's more of a, like a Christian boot camp slash Bible school
Ryan Morrow: With a lot of discipline and
Ryan Morrow: Stuff like that makes them with it.
Ryan Morrow: And so anyways I went there.
Ryan Morrow: My dad got dropped off with a bag bag and a little bit of clothes.
Ryan Morrow: And I stayed. I hated it. I didn't want to be there, but after I was there for a couple of months. I started kind of seeing the light
Ryan Morrow: And
Ryan Morrow: So I stuck it out and after 15 months I finally graduated, I got in trouble. A couple of times.
Ryan Morrow: So anyways, I had to stay a little bit longer but I graduated and then when I was done. There was a guy that helps kids or or guys getting out of
Ryan Morrow: The program as long as they graduate, he'll help them out with a job on his ranch and he owns an oil company.
Ryan Morrow: And so I went to work for him for like six months and got like some money saved up, got a truck and got it kind of got things set up and then he told me, you know, just start looking for another job.
Ryan Morrow: So I
Ryan Morrow: I started, I met some guys the gym that
Ryan Morrow: told me about this company they worked for
Ryan Morrow: And I walked in and got hired
Ryan Morrow: After like 15 minutes
Ryan Morrow: And so I didn't. I mean, when I went to teen challenge. I didn't have anything when I graduated I had, you know, a bunch of clothes I had acquired shoes. You know, like, Cool stuff along the way.
Ryan Morrow: In that year's time, but I still didn't have anything really. And then whenever I left the ranch that I worked on after six months, I had a truck drivers license, um, you know, some other stuff that I bought
Ryan Morrow: And then whenever I left there and went to work in the oil field after six months I bought another truck and like had my own place like all this nice stuff.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, and
Ryan Morrow: I mean, I went from like within a year and a half.
Ryan Morrow: You know making 100 and some thousand dollars a year being a heroin addict to that.
Ryan Morrow: So the, the insanity. The stupid. I'm part of the story is in the midst of all that something inside me.
Ryan Morrow: I was still empty.
Ryan Morrow: I I had, I felt like I had did all that accomplished, all that stuff, just so I could tell my family or show my family and friends.
Ryan Morrow: Like liquid. I did, you know, look at you know what i have acquired accomplished. I'm I'm successful now.
Ryan Morrow: But I did nothing after I left for my sobriety.
Ryan Morrow: And so it only took like eight months for me to relapse.
Ryan Morrow: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that that's not the insane part. I mean, I can see where you know from external looking out the saddle again making all that money. You should be happy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But here in several stories and we really don't identify with what exactly brings me about you. What exactly makes me happy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's your on the satisfaction of others. That's where that emptiness comes in because some fulfillment is one of the key principles for long term sobriety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because now it's you're able to motivate yourself so through your journey. What have you found that you equate to self fulfillment and what brings you value, aside from your external networks.
Ryan Morrow: I don't know. That's a, that's a, that's a hard question to answer.
Ryan Morrow: Word that a little bit differently.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: self fulfillment gives you that sense of purpose and so the story that you shared with me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said something very significant WHERE YOU SAID YOU WANT TO SHOW TO YOUR FAMILY AND HERE LOOK AT ALL THE I'VE attained, but it still wasn't enough gratification for you. So when you look within yourself. What are the things that you necessarily about you. What are things that you appreciate
Ryan Morrow: Um,
Ryan Morrow: I mean,
Ryan Morrow: I don't
Ryan Morrow: What are the things I appreciate about myself.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, when I'm doing my meeting.
Ryan Morrow: Um, hang on.
Ryan Morrow: Sorry about that. Um,
Ryan Morrow: I don't know, just so that's that's a tough question answer.
Ryan Morrow: I think I have my life, my priorities and all the wrong places. When it comes to fulfillment. I, I, like if I'm not in good shape. Like, you know, muscular and I don't feel like I look at
Ryan Morrow: Then that brings me down. If I don't have nice clothes to wear
Ryan Morrow: If I don't have a nice vehicle, a good job.
Ryan Morrow: I mean, like, those are the things that
Ryan Morrow: I give me self credit gratification.
Ryan Morrow: In a certain sense,
Ryan Morrow: But then like at the end of the day, I'm still like I guess miserable in a certain sense,
Ryan Morrow: And I still feel like I have this huge hole that I don't know how to fill
Ryan Morrow: And so I'm still trying to figure out, like, like what that means.
Ryan Morrow: I think maybe like I need to come to a point where I'm not so selfish and self centered and maybe like if I start helping other people
Ryan Morrow: And not be so concerned.
Ryan Morrow: With the things that are relevant like being in shape and have a nice stuff and a good job.
Ryan Morrow: You know, stuff like that. And I think that that was probably
Ryan Morrow: Like mentally like really hell.
Ryan Morrow: I just don't know how to get to that place. I feel like I guess I care. Way too much about what other people think.
Ryan Morrow: And so I want to impress people
Ryan Morrow: So,
Ryan Morrow: I don't know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If that makes sense.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The physical
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The physical stature and what is there from the outside in that status is significant and you have the advantage because you know good looks, you're able to exercise, you see, you see the effects of your work so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being able to be able to see, okay, this is a product of what my word. Looks like I can see it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. It's tangible
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, it's something that I have control over.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, like
Ryan Morrow: I can control, you know, as long as I go to the gym and I eat good
Ryan Morrow: And that's a controllable situation now as far as like
Ryan Morrow: Finding a pretty wife and getting her fall in love with me. That's not really i mean i have i guess you have a certain control over that. As far as like, you know, doing your part, but you really don't have control.
Ryan Morrow: You know what I mean, like China, when it comes to find me like true love real love of a wife soulmate.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Possible when you're able to look within, and really get comfortable with who you are. And so really outline
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Outlining bad this is who I present as
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the world, and this is how I present when the doors are closed. There may be different variances that you get based on the level of our relationship, but at a core. This is like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'm hearing you. You're hoping to get that self discovery through more purpose towards given towards others.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because your past addictions. There was some taking from others and any investment was more so for others to view.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And not another time for you to reflect internally. What's going on with Ryan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, maybe that's something you can reflect on and what makes it challenging is, you know, some people, they'll go to other people say, Hey, what are some of the things you like about me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But a lot of those social connections have been lost because of your addiction and and your natural support on your mom and your sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To me, that same as genuine as hearing it from other people.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: For sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I have to agree that being able to contribute in other ways, whether it's through peer mentorship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Church.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any communities that you were hobbies that you specialize in and be able to do more than internal work than what's on the outside. I mean, if you like exercise or you could even commit to helping someone learn how to train
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: benefits others. I used to be a fitness trainer.
Ryan Morrow: The only problem with that is it doesn't pay. Very good. So it's something that
Ryan Morrow: I guess you could do at night, you know, like, just to help people or something but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're interested in finding out what you can contribute to society, aside from
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your appearance in your status.
Ryan Morrow: Right.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I just, I just don't, I don't know.
Ryan Morrow: What I'm supposed to do it myself right now.
Ryan Morrow: I don't know where I'm supposed to go what I'm supposed to do, or
Ryan Morrow: Like, I don't know. I guess I need right and ask God for guidance. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And Journaling is always helpful.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And being comfortable with what are the thoughts that is, in itself, a lot of times people try to educate or way the internal dialogue that's constantly going by keeping busy doing all those other things but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that internal dialogue is where we get more insight about what's really important to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe there's something that you can do this week is in your journal in time daily commit to just writing down whatever comes up in that internal dialogue matter how comfortable or uncomfortable.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then see if there's any common themes that come up in that internal dialogue.
Ryan Morrow: Okay.
Sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have any questions.
Ryan Morrow: Um, no. I think
Ryan Morrow: Like our next meeting will have a lot more to talk about.
Ryan Morrow: As I'm moving into a new place and making some changes so
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: I'm gonna try
Ryan Morrow: To start kind of
Ryan Morrow: Looking for a job, I guess.
Ryan Morrow: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are we on weekly sessions or bi weekly
Ryan Morrow: Um, I mean, I think it's been a biweekly but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then our next appointment would be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Two things your night.
Ryan Morrow: Tuesday on, Jim. Jim tonight. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Same time four o'clock.
Ryan Morrow: That's, um, that's a
Ryan Morrow: Mountain time. What time is that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes 4pm
Ryan Morrow: Alright, so I'll see you in two weeks.
Ryan Morrow: All
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Ryan Morrow: Take care. Thank you, Jessica.
Ryan Morrow: Have a good evening.
Ryan Morrow: You too. Alright.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was informed of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The telemedicine loss patient committed to next call whenever we present our session. This will allow for the therapeutic treatments to continue with this therapist.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Patient was educated, that if you process state lines.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In another state, then he has to be assigned and therapists patient is often to stay with this therapist, which entails him having to be in Mexico, and there will be a session on patient presented
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In a calm most appropriate a bet he was more engaging and seeing a continuum. I can open up more and more records and conversations
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The next discussions will be based on reflection that came up from the homework assignments on journaling and getting more comfortable with the internal dialogue that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Basically beauty skills were abide in this session, and the next session is scheduled for